This kid is really nice
In a few words, the five gold medals will be honored
Speechless
These few months
Major bride suicides occur frequently in the village
Those guys were right.
Then don't these brides all die violently?
Song Xun is so murdered
Posture
Don't talk nonsense if it's really a murder
Do you dare to take responsibility for solving the case?
I learned a skill
Just stand for heaven and earth
Make a life for the common people
Why not?
If such a big case of the general is spread out
People will be panicked
Since Song Xun dares to speak out
If he can't break it within three days
Shot him in anger
How does this work?
Tan Dong, stop picking up trouble
Yu'er
Since Song Xun said it
Dad can only do things in secret
Song Xuanben Shuai believes in you
If the case cannot be solved after three days
I will shoot you in the name of the whole city
No need for three days
Just one day
If you can't solve the case